I'm taking a picture smile picture the
pool miss lovely thank you very much and
what are you up to what are you doing
history you're stirring this that's very
very good basically sugar and water and
lemon with lemon aha excellent
I've already worked 11 in
Oh
we're gelling
the flame
what we have to
we are free to shoot
so she did she
exhibition here to spend my time
lots of eggs
cool temperate or you say you don't get
spread away together just want me to
watch I did indeed I mean I
after temporary
tempering is a word you use with metal
tins or metal holding this today for UT
I got a lot of reviews of doing the
myths and down the whip oh ok now i
think i'm in a kiddie pool there's no
pretense of water
and you're still going to use the rest
of it brothel packing 50 islands are
back okay okay that lights a crazy
desperate back in okay now you've
tempered it many something slowly all
right I have no idea no way we make